Add document for setting up aws msk provisioned cluster. (#23361)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/setup-aws-msk-provisioned-private-link-service.md

    },
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Principal": {
        "AWS": "<tidb-cloud-aws-account-id>"
      },
      "Action": "kafka-cluster:*",
      "Resource": "arn:aws:kafka:<region>:<account-id>:topic/<cluster-name>/*"
    },
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Principal": {
        "AWS": "<tidb-cloud-aws-account-id>"
      },
      "Action": "kafka-cluster:*",
      "Resource": "arn:aws:kafka:<region>:<account-id>:group/<cluster-name>/*"
    }
  ]
}
```

> **Critical**: The `Principal` must be the AWS account ID provided by TiDB Cloud, not your own AWS account ID. Using the wrong principal will cause the connection to fail.

Attach this policy to your MSK cluster. In the AWS MSK console, navigate to your cluster and use the **Cluster policy** editor under the **Properties** tab to paste this JSON.

For more information, see [Attach a cluster policy to the MSK cluster](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/msk/latest/developerguide/mvpc-cluster-owner-action-policy.html).

## Step 9. Create the PrivateLink Connection in TiDB Cloud

Create the private link connection in TiDB Cloud using the ARN of your MSK cluster.

> For more information, see [Create an Amazon MSK Provisioned private link connection](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Create an Amazon MSK Provisioned private link connection](/tidb-cloud/premium/set-up-sink-private-endpoint-premium.md#step-2-configure-the-private-endpoint-for-changefeeds).
```

    **Important about AZ alignment**: Use AZ IDs (for example, `use1-az1`) rather than AZ names (for example, `us-east-1a`) when verifying availability zone alignment across AWS accounts. The same AZ name can map to different physical zones in different accounts. Your MSK cluster must use the same AZ IDs as your TiDB Cloud Premium instance.

## Step 1. Set up the Amazon VPC and subnets

If you already have an Amazon VPC with at least three private subnets spanning the required availability zones, you can skip this step.

1. In the [Amazon VPC console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/vpc/), [create a VPC](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/create-vpc.html) with three private subnets, one per availability zone in which your TiDB Cloud Premium instance runs. These subnets must be in the same AZs, matched by AZ ID rather than AZ name.
2. In the VPC dashboard, configure route tables and security groups so that any client EC2 instance you launch later can communicate with the MSK cluster over the private network.

> 3. Record the AZ IDs of the subnets. You will select these subnets when [creating the MSK cluster](#step-3-create-the-amazon-msk-provisioned-cluster).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Record the AZ IDs of the subnets. You will select these subnets when [creating the MSK cluster](#step-3-create-an-amazon-msk-provisioned-cluster).
```
